[WHOOSH]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> GEORGE NOORY: Well, welcome
to "Cosmic Disclosure."
I'm your host George Noory,
and I'm here with Emery Smith.
Portal technologies, are
they natural or man-made?
Emery, welcome back
to the program.
>> EMERY SMITH: Well,
thanks for having me George.
>> GEORGE: You do a remarkable
job investigating some of these
very strange and unusual
things, like portals.
>> SMITH: Well, there's
many different terminology
definitions we can get into,
but first let's talk about
the different kinds of portals.
>> GEORGE: OK.
>> SMITH: Because there's
portals all over the world
and all over this planet,
even in the oceans,
that have been studied
for a long time.
There's ancient portals
that have been built here
by ancient civilizations
that have been
here long before we were here.
And what has happened is, when
these classified projects find
these energy signatures
on the planet,
they usually go
towards these areas
and set up bases near them
to monitor how they work,
and what's coming in and
out of them, if anything,
and measuring why are they
in these areas of the planet?
And a lot of these are on
ley lines and on sacred sites
that people already know
about here on planet Earth.
So what they do is
they'll find an area,
and they'll go to this
area, study it for a while,
then maybe set up a base nearby.
And if they can, they'll try
to reverse-engineer this portal
technology, either
near the same--
one of these Earth portals
that have been there forever,
built by ancient civilizations.
Or they will put it right
directly on top of the site,
and build a base right on top
of this, and harvest that energy
as well, and keep
it for themselves
and study it as a
laboratory environment.
>> GEORGE: Are there any portals
that are natural to the planet,
or are they all man-made
by some civilization?
>> SMITH: There are areas of
the planet that you don't see
a pyramid, or a Stonehenge,
or anything like that,
but it's just this area has
the ability to basically
teletransport people and things.
And craft will come in and out
of these things every so often,
and they're not
activated all the time.
The planet has to be in a
certain rotation and axis,
and the astrology
behind it, also
with the universe all has to be
in alignment first, sometimes
for these things to happen.
So they try to find these
areas and they mark them down,
they study them.
They usually build an
Indian reservation on it,
or a base to protect it, or
buy the land up and classify it
as government land,
and things like this.
>> GEORGE: Is it possible
you can go into a portal,
but you can't come back?
>> SMITH: Well,
that's the problem.
We do have man-made portals,
and the technology behind that
just has not really
been perfected so well.
And this can happen.
It's a very delicate
thing you're working with.
You know, you're kind of working
with a little bit of time
distortion--
>> GEORGE: Sure.
>> SMITH: -- or you're working
with basically breaking down
your atomic structure, and
putting it somewhere else
pretty quickly, walking
through these things.
And there is a change that
happens to your body which
you don't actually
feel or realize,
it's not like in
the movie "Contact,"
where Jodie Foster sees all
these crazy lights and meteors
and things.
It's kind of instantaneous.
The movies really
elaborate on it too much.
There's not this bright light.
It's pretty clear, actually.
It looks like you're looking
through some plexiglass.
It's very blurry like you
said, maybe wavy like that.
So there's a distortion
sometimes, not all the time,
that you can actually see, and
you're walking through that.
So if there was a portal a few
inches wide between you and I,
you would just seem
a little blurry,
but you could still see me,
and I could still see you.
But if I went
through that, that's
a whole rip in time and space.
So I'd be at the exit point
of that specific portal.
>> GEORGE: Would you disappear?
>> SMITH: I would literally
disappear right in front
of you.
You would actually see me bleed
into the space around you.
You would see a distortion,
usually, of some sort
as the person or, you know,
the device, or the aircraft,
or whatever is
permeating through this.
And it's instantaneous.
So it's kind of like it's
just dissolving on itself.
I hate to bring this up,
but kind of like when
the planes hit the 9/11 towers.
They just dissolved
into a flat spot.
So it's like that, you're
just going through,
and then you're gone.
So there's not any bright
lights, or anything like that.
And when you walk through
these types of portals,
you don't feel too
much of anything
except maybe a pressure
change, usually.
I always had some
sinus issues with it.
I can feel my
pressure in my eyes,
and ears, and in my
sinuses kind of pop.
>> GEORGE: When you walk
through, Emery, what's there?
>> SMITH: One of the
ones I can talk about,
it's an underground
facility in New Mexico,
is they had built a frame,
like a picture frame,
out of the ground.
And it's anywhere from
15 to 30 feet wide,
sometimes they
have many of these.
And they're about
three feet wide
of this metal, that's wide,
that goes all the way up
in the air about 10 or 20
feet, and then comes over
and goes down.
So it's like a square, but
there's no bottom frame.
Just on the sides you
see this really thick--
>> GEORGE: Like a doorway.
>> SMITH: Right,
like a giant doorway.
And some of these
are underground.
Some of these are in
hangars, like giant buildings
above the ground.
And they create this
electromagnetic flux field,
and then there's this line.
And it's a very large building,
very large area, usually.
And everyone is not in
that area, by the way,
they have people up
higher, three floors up
with windows, the
control center,
and all of the safety people
and all that stuff's there.
And it's big enough that they
can fly, inside these buildings
they can fly drones,
like the big drones
you see as big as cars.
>> GEORGE: Sure.
>> SMITH: So get a picture of
a very large facility that has
a quarter-mile stretch inside.
And they can fly these
drones into the portals,
and program them
to fly back out.
And they can also send small
robots in and things like this.
So they've been studying this
for a very, very long time.
And not always are
they successful
when they send a team through.
And just like, you
know, it's a big risk.
Just like astronauts take
the risk to go into space,
it's no different.
And they're not there very long.
They're only they're usually
less than 30 minutes,
but there is a time gap, when
they do come back, for them.
>> GEORGE: How do they go in?
And then how do they come back?
>> SMITH: Yeah, they fly
them right into the portals.
But they know what their
mission is, you know,
program life form type beings.
So they, it's no different
than how we walk through there.
These craft and these
cybernetic organisms
have very special material
that they use made of,
I believe it's graphene and
some other special metals
from unearth origin that
they have mixed together--
>> GEORGE: The latest.
>> SMITH: That make it, right,
it's the lattice that forms
around this.
It actually forms a small field
of energy around these things
to protect them, so the
electromagnetic field
doesn't fry the circuitry
and things like that.
>> GEORGE: If you send a
drone in with a camera on it,
will you be able to see
anything on the other side?
>> SMITH: Yes, yes.
>> GEORGE: Oh, that's amazing.
>> SMITH: Yes.
>> GEORGE: Is there time
distortion when you enter
a portal?
>> SMITH: Yes, like
I said earlier,
when you're ripping a hole in
space and time to go somewhere
instantaneously, we've noticed
we might be gone just 15
minutes, we get back,
we've been gone 45 minutes.
>> GEORGE: Yeah.
Or a week, or a month.
>> SMITH: Yeah, or
a week or a month.
So it definitely has something
to do with the time continuum.
And how that relates,
I'm not sure.
You know, there's
many different types
of portals that are out there
that go to different places.
And they're trying to figure
out this highway of portals
through the universe, they're
trying to map that now.
And that has to do with a lot of
the ley lines of the universe.
There's a lot of ley lines
that people don't understand
that are not just here
on Earth, but they
go from planet to planet, and
to solar system to solar system.
And these are energy highways
that extraterrestrials use,
and that we use--
or are trying to use and learn,
to get us amongst the stars.
On Earth, people know
it ley lines are.
This is the sacred geometry
of the Earth, where
it seems to have a lot of
energy significance for ruins,
and archaeological sites,
and ancient history that
involve extraterrestrials
and things like this.
They also have ways
to measure these ley
lines around the
planet, to see where
these energy vortexes are.
And they seem to
be always cornered
on one of these ley line areas.
They have a map
of that, I think.
What I'm saying is, people
don't realize there's
ley lines of the universe.
There's ley lines in
our own solar system,
kind of like we have
on Earth, that I
think ETs are using around the
whole universe to get around.
And we're trying
to map that out now
by sending drones
in and all sorts
of different types of devices.
I think the big
hexagon on Saturn,
actually, is a giant
one of these portals
that the extraterrestrials
used to go interdimensionally,
actually.
>> GEORGE: Is it instant travel
when you go through a portal?
>> SMITH: It's instantaneous.
So as you take that step
and finish this step,
you're still there, but
you're just somewhere else.
Because we have sent ropes, and
cables, and all sorts of things
through that were
in both dimensions
at the exact same time.
We were using that more for
equipment, and more for data
collecting, and
things like that.
When we go through
with the projects,
there's usually six
to seven people,
and there's these lines
about three feet wide,
and it's about 100, 150
feet long, that goes
through that picture frame.
And you have to stay inside
that sidewalk that's painted.
Because for some reason if
you don't hit it center,
just right, you could
actually lose a limb or die.
Because--
>> GEORGE: Really?
>> SMITH: Because of the energy
flux fields that surround this
unit, it's very, very strong.
And there's also
radiation that's
associated with that on the
sides, but not in that walkway,
for some reason.
Minute amounts of radiation
that can harm you.
So as you walk through this,
you bleed into this area.
>> GEORGE: Mhm.
>> SMITH: And all the places
that I've went to, when you
turn around, there was actually
another either ancient portal,
like some sort of structure
mimicking that this is where we
have to go back.
It wasn't the exact
same structure,
but they have been
doing this a while,
where they're building
the exact same structure
on the other ends of these
portals that only open up
at certain specific times.
>> GEORGE: And I assume they
close at specific times, too.
>> SMITH: Correct.
>> GEORGE: Have you
gone through portals,
and you got lost coming back?
>> SMITH: No, no.
I've been through
portals, but I've never
had a problem coming back.
We were only there
for maybe 15 minutes
collecting some samples.
I've never ventured far at
all from the actual gateway
of coming in and
out the entrance
and exit of the portal.
There has been
teams that have been
gone for weeks at
a time, that have
been doing amazing
investigations,
but I was not a part of that.
>> GEORGE: Gone for
weeks on purpose?
>> SMITH: Right.
But they have many, many
times, a team did not come back
and they were confirmed
killed, very recently.
I was notified last January,
and they called me actually
and asked if I
wanted to come back,
and I said how's so
and so and so and so?
And they said well, that's
why we need you to come back,
we lost that team.
And they were doing it
since the early 90s.
This team has been
very successful,
and they had a
glitch in the system,
because it was an AI-based
mechanical, electrical
reverse-engineered
portal technology.
And it's not worth,
of course, for me
right now to take
any type of position
that there's a 50-50
mortality rate.
>> GEORGE: That's too high.
>> SMITH: That's way too high.
But you know, not
for some people that
have been so successful
at it, they've
been doing it for decades,
and then this happens.
You know, it's a tragedy, like
when the space shuttle blew up.
>> GEORGE: So this team of how
many goes through a portal,
and then what happens?
They can't find their way back?
>> SMITH: No.
I think everything went fine.
They said they had a glitch with
the actual portal technology
that we had designed, and
as they were coming back,
it killed them.
And the reason they use people
in the military, especially
active duty, you might
have a son or daughter that
is a field medic, or a supply
chain runner, you know?
But all these people could be
deployed secretly in places,
and they could die, and they get
a note from the military saying
they died in the active--
>> GEORGE: Line of duty.
>> SMITH: -- war, in the
line of duty, and so forth.
So most people don't realize
that a lot of these technicians
and scientists are active
duty, because they're
the most expendable,
and they don't
have to tell anyone anything.
They could just say
they hit an IED, or--
>> GEORGE: Mhm, exactly.
>> SMITH: Something
happened, an accident,
and they don't have to explain.
All they could say is, you
know, here's your $150,000.
Sorry that this
happened to your son.
And you'll never
know that your son
was part of a space project, or
part of underground facility,
or part of a portal group
that was working on some
of the most amazing things.
And that's how they hide it.
>> GEORGE: Do we have a team
in place that goes through
portals, specifically
to look for lost people?
>> SMITH: No.
No, like I said,
anything that happens,
that's why there's usually
a team of six or seven.
When they come back, if someone
had an accident or something,
someone would report on that.
They don't leave anyone behind.
It's a very close-knit family
teamwork, a very adept amount
of knowledge, even consciously,
scientifically as far
as massive amounts
of intelligence,
high-IQ people that
are really in shape,
and just really
well-rounded human beings
that are pioneers in discovery.
And it's addictive, too.
>> GEORGE: Emery, I'm fascinated
by what you said earlier about
these universal ley
lines and portals.
And I am convinced that
extraterrestrial craft,
they come through these portals
or wormholes to get here.
>> SMITH: Yeah, they're
using these energy highways.
But it all depends on the
type of extraterrestrial,
and how conscious
they are, what's
their level of
scientific technology.
Because there are
extraterrestrials
that have been here a
billion years before us
that have already conquered
inter-dimensional travel, just
by their own bodies.
And they have built these
craft that they go inside.
So as they're
traveling, the craft
can create an electromagnetic
flux field in front of it,
and can actually
form its own portal.
They have mastered
a portable portal.
The gravitational field goes
all the way around the craft.
And that's why they
can make right hand
turns at 90,000 miles
an hour, and no one
goes flying towards the
window, because they're
in their own field.
By this type of technology,
they can open up time and space,
go into it, and immediately
be somewhere else.
And it's possible they
could be using these ley
lines to do that, as well.
>> GEORGE: Can you use these
ley lines or portals to get
to specific places
throughout the universe?
Could we go from Earth to
Jupiter, just like that?
>> SMITH: The only ones that I'm
aware of are the ones that only
go to certain places that are
just a one-way, here and there.
They are trying to
build the DeLorean,
and have it plug
it in, I want to go
to this spot at this time,
you know, in the universe.
And then it goes there.
These portals open up
somehow, but they have not
perfected that at all.
But there is some way to do it.
You know, when we are
working on overunity devices,
a field of energy
would form around us,
and we could see things.
We could see different time--
different types of time zones.
So there is a way, I
believe, that they're
going to conquer
very soon of, OK, we
want to go back in
this amount of time
to this area on Jupiter, and
they'll be able to do that.
>> GEORGE: Are there monuments
or structures on this planet
that are built near ley lines
and portals for specific
reasons?
>> SMITH: Yeah, I do believe
that all these ancient ruins
and these portals around the
planet were actually there
to heal the earth.
I think it's an energetic
component of the Earth
that the extraterrestrials
built, or helped us build,
to protect the earth, actually,
in different times of chaos
that's going on
within the Earth.
Which is, just like our
own bodies are trying
to achieve
homeostasis, the earth
is constantly trying to
achieve its homeostasis.
And I think all these ancient
sites, these sacred sites,
have something to do with
keeping that in balance.
>> GEORGE: Is the military
involved in any of this, Emery?
I mean, are they tapping
into this kind of technology?
>> SMITH: The military are
usually just assigned to secure
these areas, and
provide mostly security.
But they have used
security details
to come with the team for
safety, and things like that.
They do always need a
paramedic, they always
need a security guy, and the
rest are usually scientists.
And a lot of these
people, they're
all trained in weapons and
first aid, and it's just--
that's what you are.
When you're part of a mission,
you're going into space,
and they're going to pick people
that's going to go to Mars,
each person-- it's not
just going to be one person
only knows how to fix an
engine, I'll tell you that much.
Everyone on that team is going
to be so well-versed in so
many amazing things.
Because that's what
they're looking for.
They're looking for
these scientists
out there that are
hard-core adventurous, that
have not just one background,
but study everything.
Because you need that
in a team to survive
extra-planetary visits,
or space travel.
>> GEORGE: What could a nation
do that understands the use
of portals, in order to
manipulate the rest of this
planet?
>> SMITH: Well, I think what's
going on is there's only a few
of these places around the
planet that's pretty much owned
by the major corporations.
They're so scared
of this technology,
since it's not mastered, that
right now what they're doing
is just using these portals
to go into these areas,
bring back specimens of
plant life and minerals,
and use that to
make products here,
and to further advance
our technology,
and of course, further
advance their pocketbooks.
>> GEORGE: So you literally can
go through a portal to another
physical location,
and take things,
if that location happens
to be in the right spot?
>> SMITH: Correct.
You can go in and
bring things back.
Whatever the mission is, like
one of the things we were doing
is collecting plants.
And I think I spoke about this
before, I won't get into it,
but one of the plant
leaves was bulletproof.
So they were trying to find
the exoskeleton of this plant
to say, well, how can we
replicate this into our suits?
Our special suits
and things like this.
So a lot of the
technology we have today
actually came not only
from reverse-engineered
extraterrestrial downed
craft and extraterrestrials,
but came from these
missions that they
were doing in portals.
>> GEORGE: Do these portals
go to other universes,
or other areas
within our universe?
>> SMITH: Well, they
can go anywhere.
The ones that I am
directly involved with only
went to one specific location
within this universe.
And I don't know
exactly where that is.
I just know that I
could breathe the air,
it was kind of the
same temperature,
there was nothing different
except the way the dirt looked,
the way the plant life looked.
Some of the small marsupials
and small insects,
I've never actually saw a being.
But I have seen videos
of past-portal--
everyone has cameras
on them, by the way.
I have seen videos of
people meeting beings
on different planets.
And actually, they were
there waiting when teams
went through 15, 20 years ago.
So there is definitely
something they're using it for,
but I was not at a
classification security
to know or ask about
it, because you have
to go through certain training.
It's just like before--
active duty members, when
they get deployed somewhere,
we have a good day or
two to learn the customs
of what country we're
going to, or what we could
involve-- it's the same thing.
We get to know this is
what you're looking for,
the type of rocks,
types of plants.
This is how we're
going to collect them.
These are the species that are
there, so don't be alarmed.
You know, we were able to see a
lot of different missions, way
before we go there,
that have already
been done in the same spot.
>> GEORGE: Emery, how were
portals discovered in the first
place, and what were
they looking for?
>> SMITH: Well, the best way I
can-- my own opinion on that,
just from all the stuff I've
read and been exposed to, is
that they first had these
special types of satellites
that picked up on subtle
fluctuations of energy in many
different types of
fields of energy.
And they notice hot
spots around the planet,
and they would go and
investigate these hot spots.
Send teams, maybe send even
military craft and ships
out there, and see
what was going on,
and figure out why
these areas have
these huge electromagnetic flux
fields, and all these vortexes
of energy.
And they were, like I said,
using types of technology
I'm not familiar with.
So they were there
locating them,
and then going to
investigate, and that's
how they were finding
some of these ones
that they didn't
already know about,
such as the pyramids
and Stonehenge.
>> GEORGE: Were they in shock
when they found these spots?
>> SMITH: I think it was
like a learning thing.
It's always a new discovery.
It's happening every day,
we discover new things
on the planet, and
the secret projects.
And it is a mind-blowing thing,
I think, for the scientists
and for the corporations
to figure something out,
and to find out what's going on.
Because we really
don't know that much,
because we're using our five
senses here on planet Earth,
and there's a lot more than
the five senses going on
around the planet, and
around the universe.
>> GEORGE: What's the difference
between natural portals,
and portals that
are made by man,
or an extraterrestrial race?
>> SMITH: Natural portals
use the energy of the planet,
and all the planets, and these
ley lines universally that I
was talking about.
When they make an artificial,
reverse-engineered portal,
they're powering it with
their own power supply.
Sometimes they would like to
build it near the ley lines
and somehow tap into that,
or build on top of a natural
made portal, you know?
So they're trying to
mimic these energy flux
fields at a certain rate, to
create the exact same thing.
So one is man-made, and
one is completely natural.
>> GEORGE: Is it easy to make
them with today's technology?
>> SMITH: Absolutely not.
It's very difficult.
>> GEORGE: That's
what I thought.
>> SMITH: We're a bunch
of, we're not at that level
of intelligence yet.
>> GEORGE: What's the
difference between a stargate
and a portal?
>> SMITH: Well, stargates are
more like pop culture terms
that you see for the
movies and TV shows.
That's just another
term for a portal,
or an inter-dimensional
highway, or
a trans-dimensional ancient
ruin that can get you somewhere.
It's just another term for
that, so we don't use that term.
>> GEORGE: Basically all one
in the same, aren't they?
>> SMITH: Right.
>> GEORGE: Are we using
portals right now?
>> SMITH: The last I've heard
and been debriefed on is
they're still using portals to
collect data of different areas
of the planet and other planets,
and also bringing back samples
to reverse engineer different
types of metal, and plant life,
and genetic DNA.
They're bringing back
all sorts of things.
>> GEORGE: Is there a
nefarious reason for this, too?
>> SMITH: Not that I'm aware of.
Like I said, this is more
used for reverse engineering,
creating better
products to sell,
creating better pharmaceuticals.
With that, I would always
assume that there could
be a negative aspect of that.
If you're making
something good, you're
also gonna be making something
bad, or something to protect
something that
shouldn't be protected.
So I'm sure there's--
it goes both ways.
A good and bad balance of many
different types of technologies
come out of this.
>> GEORGE: Who's mapping the
portals, and how do they do it?
>> SMITH: Well, there's
a number of institutions
and organizations out there,
and corporations that are
in control of these portals
from around the planet.
And what they're doing is
using drones and other things
to look at the stars, at
these different other areas,
and mapping where
it's coming from.
So they could, let's
say go through a portal,
be on another planet,
look up at the sky,
see the different star systems,
locate our star systems,
and then draw a line
from there to there.
So it's kind of archaic,
but this is kind of,
from what I understand,
is how they're doing it.
>> GEORGE: Are there
portal mapmakers?
>> SMITH: Well, no, I think
it's just part of that project.
It's always, no matter if
you're going somewhere,
you're still going to be always
mapping, taking readings,
and things like that.
>> GEORGE: Emery, there's got to
be other portals on this planet
that have been used
by, I would believe,
extraterrestrial races, or other
civilizations for their own
purposes.
Aren't there?
>> SMITH: Oh, sure.
I mean, a lot of these energy
fluctuations that they've
marked on the satellites, and
when they go to investigate,
they kind of just sit back a
mile or two, or even closer,
and visualize, even in
a 3D, these craft coming
through, and measuring all sorts
of different types of energies.
And yes, so absolutely.
There's definitely
craft coming through
that they're monitoring,
and seeing what's happening,
and trying to track
those craft, of course.
But they're not shooting
them down or anything.
As far as I know,
there hasn't been
any type of attack or something
from one of these craft.
You probably wouldn't be
able to, I don't think,
even destroy one of these
craft, because they've already
conquered
inter-dimensional travel.
They could just be fluxing
in and out of this frequency
when they come
through the portal,
and if you shoot
a torpedo at it,
it would just go
right through it.
>> GEORGE: Are there some
creatures on, let's say,
Zeta Reticuli, that look
at a portal and they say,
that's the path to earth.
Let's do this one.
>> SMITH: Well, I believe in
other underground facilities
and extraterrestrial bases
located within earth,
that they're using that type of
technology to come in and out,
for sure.
They definitely wouldn't
be using a spacecraft.
>> GEORGE: Spiritually
speaking, are those portals that
we've heard about during the
ancient times the same as what
we're talking about today?
>> SMITH: Yeah, I think looking
back at all the ancient text
and things, there's a lot of
correlation to the stories
behind portal technologies
and things like that,
where people would just appear,
or craft would just appear out
of nowhere.
And they were probably
witnessing this type
of technology back then.
>> GEORGE: Emery, how did the
ancients come across portals?
I mean, they didn't create any,
they didn't have the technology
to do it.
Who did?
>> SMITH: Well,
when I say ancients,
I do mean ancient
extraterrestrial
civilizations--
>> GEORGE: Aha.
>> SMITH: -- that helped
humans at one point, too.
But even before, way before
that, even some of their craft
had been crashed and
dislodged in the ice,
and dislodged in caverns, and
even within the Earth itself.
And they have these, like I
said, portable portals already
still running on the craft
for thousands of years,
even to this day.
>> GEORGE: So they've been using
that for that long, at least.
>> SMITH: Right, correct.
>> GEORGE: If you were asked
today to go through a portal
on some mission, would you go?
>> SMITH: Probably not,
because I'm still--
it'd be a good way to
get rid of me right now.
And I've been turning
down so many contract
jobs because of this.
>> GEORGE: You think they would
do this to get rid of you?
>> SMITH: Well,
accidents happen.
And right now, I need
to be here on Earth.
I need to be helping
people understand what's
going on, sharing the
knowledge with people
like you to get it out there.
Because me leaving
the planet right now
is not going to help the planet,
and I gotta help the planet,
and I gotta help
everyone here first.
>> GEORGE: I've never
seen you scared before.
I'm picking up a feeling of
somebody is out to get you.
>> SMITH: That's always
in the background.
I mean, that's always going to
happen when you come forward.
There's-- the threats have
gone down considerably since
I've came forward.
I'm not talking about the
sensitive subjects anymore--
overunity and regenerative
medicine so much.
And that's really where
the threats come from.
The government does
not care that I
talk about ETs, because there's
no money being made in ETs.
But when I start teaching
people the physics of overunity,
or talking about cellular
biology that can help heal you
so you don't need
pharmaceuticals,
then I'm stepping on the toes.
So you gotta be careful
with these things.
And I had a whole life of
threats, ever since CSETI,
since I got involved with
CSETI and then after that,
with the overunity lab
that I had, and then
of course recently, the
last two years, it's
been pretty horrible.
But life is getting a
lot better for me now.
I have great organizations
and corporations contacting
me that want to do
the right thing,
are not interested in the money,
or the control over the people.
So I think the world,
and all the listeners
are having a really good
impact on the planet
by talking about this
more freely and open,
and finding out
about the cures that
are out there that I talk about,
and researching these things.
Yeah of course, I would like to
take the next ship out of here.
I want to go back
amongst the stars.
to my roots, and be
the explorer of these
places, but I don't think
it's right to abandon--
I really, really
love this planet,
and it deserves a chance.
And I'm going to do my best
to get these technologies out
to help clean up the planet.
And with the help
of all my listeners,
and people backing me up
and standing behind me,
I think this is going to be done
in a very short period of time.
Because people are going
to start listening more,
and other countries are wanting
to get involved with this.
So bringing everyone together,
and putting all the other ego
stuff to the side of
religion, and war, and racism,
and all this, I
think that's going
to be a big catalyst for us
to go in the right direction
to help the planet.
And then we can help each other.
And once I know that everyone is
in a homeostasis kind of state,
including the earth,
well yeah, I'll
probably take a trip
to that portal again.
>> GEORGE: Stay out of
portals right now, though.
>> SMITH: But right now.
>> GEORGE: Thanks, Emery,
for being on the program.
This is "Cosmic Disclosure,"
thank you for watching.
[THEME MUSIC]
>> NARRATOR: Coming this
season on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
where people share their
clandestine involvement with
government agencies,
the military,
and secret space programs.
>> SMITH: It's easier,
actually, to build another world
in the earth, than it is to fix
the earth we have right now,
with our atmosphere and
everything that we're doing
to it.
>> It sounds like in the future,
we do move underground quite
a bit.
>> We had to individually use
our intuitive empath abilities
to navigate back to base.
[THEME MUSIC]